[Music]
no one was more upset than we were last
year than she I'm doing half way and
deal with the situation every year Brad
and Kate spend the holidays avoiding
their families no flights are coming in
and no flights are going out this isn't
a cousin airline but this year they'll
be forced to celebrate my dad they just
saw on the news with all of them okay
he's gonna give you a big hug when he
sees you mom from New Line Cinema we
just got to get through these Four
Christmases as quickly and as painlessly
as possible
[Music]
brothers Denver and Dallas you must be
Orlando's Girl Orlando we're all named
after the city that we were conceived it
that's disgusting oh my god poor
families Bradley not trying to be your
father I'm hoping for a chance to be a
friend well you were my friend you were
my best friend but now you're sleeping
with my mom and it's a little bit weird
for me one day that's you you look huge
hey my feelings Fred she must have had a
lot of bad feelings
no mercy I thought you were waving at me
like hey my fear crossed my mind over
this to think that you could possibly be
getting shanked by four-year-old how can
you really appreciate someone for who
they are unless you know them my
brothers they're trained UFC fighters
all they want for Christmas too much is
an exit strategy
[Music]
Vince Vaughn reese witherspoon zags are
protected for Christmases
[Music]